Your last section we discussed how the mystery works and we're now going to use List view inside of
our application.
I think you'll generally be happy with the amount of work that it takes to create this list view.
We get pretty good bang for our buck as far as the amount of effort we have to put in and the benefit
that our application receives on the performance side of things.
So we're going to implement the whole list view inside of our library list component obviously library
list.
It is meant to show a list of data to start with first import the list view component from their re-act
native library.
So at the top we import list view from re-act native.
Next we need to tell the list view which list of items it will be using to construct itself like what
data is we using.
And we need to pass in our list of libraries to it.
So we only have to set up this kind of list of data for the component exactly one time.
Like immediately when the component first starts up right immediately when our library list first shows
starts up.
So we will place the logic to create this list view inside of a lifecycle method called component will
mount that way.
The instant that the component is about to render we can tell it we can tell you where to get its data
from.
So inside of our component we will implement component will mount remember a component will mount is
a lifecycle method.
All we have to do is define it and just by defining it the instant that our component is about to be
rendered to the device or the screen.
Any code that we place inside of here will be automatically called.
OK.
So inside of here we are going to create our list view and tell it what data it should use inside the
list.
Don't read too much into the code that we're about to write here like it's a little bit boilerplate
setup for making this list.
And you can easily copy paste the set up from List view to list view.
So we're not going to dive too deep on the code here because it's really just some boilerplate setup.
So when I say Konst D.S. that's just an awful name I know.
Equals new list view dot data source.
And then we are going to pass in an object with a property.
Let's do this on new line.
Rowe has changed.
And as a value I'm going to pass a fatto function and this is the part where I'm saying like you know
don't read in to this too much don't worry about logic too much to say are one are two are one does
not equal are two like so.
So again when we create the list view we have to tell it exactly what sorts of data to use.
So this list view do source right here is a very fancy little object.
Tons of methods attached to it that we never really have to deal with at all.
And it knows all about how to figure out what items to show on the screen depending on where the user
has scrolled to inside the list.
So the last thing you have to do is tell it you know you'll notice that we haven't actually told it
what data to use just yet.
So we will feed in some amount of data by saying this data source equals D.S. dot clone with Rose.
Sorry about that clone with Rose this Propst out libraries.
OK so now this is the real meat of everything here.
We have this data source object and we're telling it take this list of libraries.
So stop Propst at libraries and you are going to use this list of libraries to render a list of data
to the screen or to you know to use to something to just render the screen that's all.
Remember that we only have access to this dot Propst at libraries because we already hooked up that
map state to prop's function.
OK.
So this is our data source for the list view.
The last thing that we have to do is actually create the list view component and then give it this data
to display.
So inside of my render method we're going to finally get a return statement in here.
It's going to add in some Prendes because I expect this to be a multi-line statement and I will create
the list view with a data source of this darte data source and then I'll close the tag off.
OK so we have now created a list view and we've given it the data source to use to get knowledge of
all the items that need to show on the screen.
There's one last item that we have to do in here and this one is a little bit of you know maybe unexpected
Maybe I claim this is going to be easier than actually was going to be the last thing we have to do
is we have to instruct the list view on how to render a single row inside of our application.
So you'll notice that at this point in time we have done absolutely nothing to instruct the list view
on how to render a single row or like a single library.
Right.
Like the list for you is not going to just magically look at our list of libraries and say oh it has
a title property I guess I'll show the title.
It does not do that.
We have to tell the list view how to render a very specific row to do so.
We will out on a prop called render row and then we'll pass this a function reference.
So say this render row.
Now I'm going to define a helper method called render row like so.
So now our job is to add some amount of logic to render row right here.
That is going to figure out how to just render a single element inside of our list.
So rendering right here needs to return a single library.
That's our job.
Let's take a quick break and then continue on implementing this render Rove function